Readme Updates for HTTP S3 Download Demo (#1694)
aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C: demos/http/http_demo_s3_download/README.md

# Configure HTTP S3 Download Demo using SigV4 Library.

Following steps needs to be followed to configure HTTP S3 Download Demo to use SigV4 library for authenticating the requests sent to AWS S3.

### Prerequisites

1. You will need an AWS Account with S3 access before beginning. You must be familiar with AWS IoT and IAM to perform steps using the AWS CLI. You must install and configure the AWS CLI in order to follow the steps.  
   For information on AWS S3 please see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/Welcome.html  
   For AWS CLI installation information please see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html  
   For AWS CLI configuration information please see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html

   ```sh
   aws configure
   ```

### Detailed Steps

#### 1. Create an AWS IoT thing: 

> Register your device in the AWS IoT thing registry database by creating a thing type and a thing. You can use the AWS CLI with the following command to create a [thing type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/thing-types.html). The thing type allows you to store description and configuration information that is common to a set of things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register your device in the AWS IoT Thing Registry by creating a Thing Type and a Thing. You can use the AWS CLI with the following command to create a [Thing Type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/thing-types.html). The Thing Type allows you to store description and configuration information that is common to a set of Things.
```

```sh
aws iot attach-thing-principal --thing-name device_thing_name --principal <certificate-arn>
```
    
#### 3.  Configure an IAM role: 

Next, configure an IAM role in your AWS account that will be assumed by the credentials provider on behalf of your device. You are required to associate two policies with the role: a trust policy that controls who can assume the role, and an access policy that controls which actions can be performed on which resources by assuming the role.

The following trust policy grants the credentials provider permission to assume the role. Put it in a text document and save the document with the name, trustpolicyforiot.json.

```
{
   "Version": "2012-10-17",
   "Statement": {
   "Effect": "Allow",
   "Principal": {"Service": "credentials.iot.amazonaws.com"},
   "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
    }
}
```
Run the following command in the AWS CLI to create an IAM role with the preceding trust policy.

```sh
aws iam create-role --role-name s3-access-role --assume-role-policy-document file://trustpolicyforiot.json
```

> The following s3 access policy allows you to perform actions on S3. Put the following policy in a text document and save the document with the name, accesspolicyfors3.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following s3 access policy allows you to perform actions on S3. Put the following policy in a text document and save the document with the name `accesspolicyfors3.json`.
```

```
{
   "Version": "2012-10-17",
   "Statement": {
   "Effect": "Allow",
   "Action": [
             "s3:GetObject"
             ],
   "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::BUCKET_NAME/*"
    }
}
```
Run the following command in the AWS CLI to create the access policy.
```sh
aws iam create-policy --policy-name accesspolicyfors3 --policy-document file://accesspolicyfors3.json
```
Finally, run the following command in the AWS CLI to attach the access policy to your role.
```sh
aws iam attach-role-policy --role-name s3-access-role --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::<your_aws_account_id>:policy/accesspolicyfors3
```

Configure the PassRole permissions

> The IAM role that you have created must be passed to AWS IoT to create a role alias, as described in Step 4. The user who performs the operation requires iam:PassRole permission to authorize this action. You also should add permission for the iam:GetRole action to allow the user to retrieve information about the specified role. Create the following policy to grant iam:PassRole and iam:GetRole permissions. Name this policy, passrolepermission.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IAM role that you have created must be passed to AWS IoT to create a role alias, as described in Step 4. The user who performs the operation requires `iam:PassRole` permission to authorize this action. You also should add permission for the `iam:GetRole` action to allow the user to retrieve information about the specified role. Create the following policy to grant `iam:PassRole` and `iam:GetRole` permissions. Name this policy `passrolepermission.json`.
```

```
The following is sample output of the describe-endpoint command. It contains the endpointAddress.
```
{
   "endpointAddress": "<your_aws_account_specific_prefix>.credentials.iot.us-east-1.amazonaws.com"
}
```

#### 7. Copy and paste the output to `demo_config.h` for macros `AWS_IOT_CREDENTIAL_PROVIDER_ENDPOINT`.
```c
#define AWS_IOT_CREDENTIAL_PROVIDER_ENDPOINT    "<your_aws_account_specific_prefix>.credentials.iot.us-east-1.amazonaws.com"
```

#### 8. After the following the above steps, configure the below macros in `demo_config.h`.
```c
#define AWS_IOT_THING_NAME                      "Name of IOT Thing that you provided in STEP 1" 
#define AWS_IOT_CREDENTIAL_PROVIDER_ROLE        "Name of ROLE ALIAS that you provided in STEP 4"
#define AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME                      "Name of Bucket that contains the object that needs to be downloaded"
#define AWS_S3_BUCKET_REGION                    "Region where Bucket is located"
#define AWS_S3_OBJECT_NAME                      "Name of object that needs to be downloaded from AWS S3"
```
         
### Parameters

#### device_type_name
Any custom name that specifies your device type.

#### device_thing_name

> The name of you AWS IOT thing for your device in AWS IOT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the AWS IoT thing for your device registered with AWS IoT core.
```

#### thing_name-s3-access-role-alias

> Any custom name to specify role alias for S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name for the role alias for S3.
```

#### Thing_Policy_Name

> The name of the policy attached to the device certificate in STEP 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the policy attached to the device certificate in [step 5](#5--attach-a-policy).
```
